Most of theses frogs are based on the SVGs of [Twemoji](https://twemoji.twitter.com) by Twitter, Inc and other contributors ([CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)). Others are unique designs with other inspirations in mind.

Here is a website showing all frog images in the current repository:  
https://riesi.github.io/frog_emojis/

Have fun using them! 🐸

## License

By contributing you agree to license your contribution under the terms of the GPLv3 (for code) and CC-BY 4.0 (for graphics) licenses. The corresponding license can be found in the LICENCE-CODE and LICENSE-GRAPHICS file respectively. The following links also reference the licenses:

GPLv3: https://github.com/Riesi/frog_emojis/blob/master/LICENSE-CODE

CC-BY 4.0: https://github.com/Riesi/frog_emojis/blob/master/LICENSE-GRAPHICS

## Contributing
When submitting PRs keep the following in mind please:

- only submit SVGs. PNGs will be automatically generated by a maintiner after a merged PR.
- use the following naming scheme: verb/adjective+Frog+Object+Differential with camelCase. For example, `sleepyFrogFamilyTkg` for an emoji with a sleepy frog family, which is differentiated from a sleepy frog family, by including Tkg.
  - should you submit an emoji that has a clear emoji mapping to it, please prefix it with `U[unicodeChracter]-`. For example, `U1f35e-frogBread`.
  - should you be on Windows and case sensitivity seems to commit wrong, run the following command in the git repo: `git config core.ignorecase false`
- only submit SVGs with the file ending `.svg`. Not `.SVG` or `.sVg`

In addition to the following guidelines for the SVG's:
- file name should not contain spaces
- the SVG should be a square
- the SVG should not be all on one line.

If you have Bash and Unix core utilities installed, you can execute the `checkEmojis.sh` script to locally check if your SVGs fulfill the requirements.

## Generating PNGs 
If you want to locally generate PNGs from the SVGs, you can use the `gen_png.py` script.

### Dependencies
- Python 3.9 - To run the script.
- Inkscape - Used to generate the PNGs. Needs to be located in PATH.
- (Optional) git - Can be used to automatically add a new commit with the generated PNGs.

### Usage
```
gen_png.py [OPTION]

-h, --help                      Shows this help message.
-a, --all                       Generate PNGs of all SVGs.
-s, --specific S [S ...]        Generate PNGs for each S in the "svg" folder. The '.svg' suffix is optional.
-r, --resolution R [R ...]      Custom resolutions that will be generated instead of the defaults (72, 512, 1024).
-g, --git                       Generates PNGs of SVGs that changed since last auto tag and creates a git commit with them. Requires 'git' to be installed and located in PATH.
```
